#139 checkdmarc plugin amendments (#355)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: checkdmarc/help.md

# Version History

> * 2.1.2 - Changed description in action `check_domains_alternate_nameservers` | Fix typo in word `nameservers` to `name_servers` | Changed mails to `user@example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.1.2 - Changed description in action `check_domains_alternate_nameservers` | Fix typo in word `nameservers` to `name_servers` | Changed email addresses to `user@example.com`
```
